#53: Create a deployment script (#54)
AbsaOSS/fa-db: scripts/deployment/README.md

> # Deployment script

Reviewer: Consider adding a brief section about installation / dependencies / run, and adding a text file with dependencies, usually called `requirements.txt` with content like this:

```
psycopg2==2.9.6
```

> This _Python_ script is there to help deploy DB objects at a clear Postgres database or database server.

Reviewer: A very simple example of a structure that this script is requiring is absolutely needed I would say

> Expectations are that thes ource files are placed in a directory structure of following properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expectations are that the source files are placed in a directory structure of following properties
```

* database creation script is stored in source root, starts with `00_` and has the extension of `.ddl` (those files are skipped unless a database creation switch is provided to the deployment script)
* other required systemic changes (users, extensions) are stored in files in root, their extension is `.ddl` and are processed alphabetically
* it's recommended these to be written in re-exutable way, of they affet the whole server not just the database
* objects of schemas are in folders (convention: folder name equals schema name)
* schema creation SQL is stored in file `_.ddl`

> * * DB functions are stored in files with `.sql` extension (conventions: file name equals function name)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DB functions are stored in files with `.sql` extension (conventions: file name equals function name)
```

❓
